January 24th, 2026

Today, I created the State-Of-The-Neuron repository at the urging of some friends.
The pruposes of this repository are as follows:
	*Track gains in conventional neural exercises (daily log function) as well as thoughts associated with my training sessions.
	*Document knowledge gained in the field of neuroscience, physiology, neuroenhancment, systems theory, cybernetics, information theory, phenomenology, etc. that will aid me in the process of maximizing the human intelligence quotient.
	*Report my innovations and inventions in the field of neuroenhancement
	*Report miscellaneous ideas connected to neuro-enhancement and its practical application

January 25th, 2026

Dual N-back: Good progress in the positive direction. Moved from 5.20 to 5.56. I am pleased with how things are working and hope to reach D6B in the next 2-3 days. This seems more than feasible, though I am concenred that the way the d' system works, as it rewards very low progress for my liking. I will likely fork QuadBox tomorrow and fix gthe issue now that I've given its d' mode a chance - it has simply not satisfied. This, realistically, could drop me from the mid 5s to the low 5s, but studies have shown that an 85% accuracy range is the best for learning. Whether this applies to MET practice is uncertain, but probable (greater than two-thirds chance). I need to find the study and see if I can link it here tomorrow.

IMS: Some would say this is a questionable practice. These people do not include me in their ranks. Today, I managed to achieve my third day of 4k vision recorded. The colors were sharper, the patterns in everyday objects clearer, and small details more prominent. I will make a note that this effect is currently temporary, but, through consistent entrainment, I believe I can make it permanent. This synergizes well with my prject to develop ticker-tape synesthesia. Interestingly, this arose from a session where, due to mental fatigue caused by an improperly heavy meal (had missed all meals up to that point due to busy schedule), my focus was substandard. One change I did make this session, however, was that I consciously removed myself from the role of actor in the experience. Unlike most IMS sessions, "I" wasn't there except in the form of a polysensory organ (think a monocular, double-eared fingerless palm with a nose, a mouth, and telekinetic abilities). This depersonalization somehow links with the imagery to increase visual abilities. This is the effect I've noticed after stilling my thoughts, though amplified - somehow sense-perception is inversely proportionate to egoic perception. I am now increasingly inclined to take the Oneness experiences of mystics throughout all ages at face value. Same applies to hallucinogenics. It may be that the experience of the self carries a sclerotic bias that runs against neuroplasticity and must be removed for benefits to emerge. This may be doubly true in the realm of perception by reducing expectancy effects on what the brain processes. This is a potentially tremendous hypothesis/observation. By this alone, and all its future applications, I justify this day. 

Quad N-back: Gains were negative here. I went from 4.60 to 4.53 on the d' scaling system. I suspect this has to do with me placing the more demanding Quad after Dual N-back and IMS, meaning I used depleted energy to perform the task. After this experience, and a few more that have caused harm to my progress due to improper difficulty-ordering I'll maintain my regular regimen consisting of QnB, then DnB. Other exercises, IMS included, will have to be moved later. IMS will be perfomred after a meal, several hours all other exercise to permit glucose replenishment and cognitive rejuvenetion.

January 26th, 2026

IMS: Thiry minutes. Minimal resolution change (2.5/10). Still a positive indication. Had 7.5 grams of Creapure creatine monohydrates before this to fuel my brain. Effect was not noticible. Will use 10 grams starting tomorrow.

QnB: 4.56 to 4.66. Not great, but I think I'm approaching my d'-adjusted limit, both here and in DnB. I didn't chaange the d' difficulty because I learned about the possible benefits of removing feedback. After I am done with this experiment, I'll create an 85% algorithm as previously discussed (to preserve variable integrity).

DnB: Some progress. Less than I wanted, unfortunately. 5.56 to 5.63, but, in part, this was due to me turning feedback for inputs off. This made me drop initially, but I still ended up gaining. I will keep feedback off for at least a week and observe how it goes.

January 27th, 2026

Today, due to fatigue from prior days of training, I decided to take my weekly rest day. I haven't yet quantized the efficacy of rest days, the tracking of which, along with several other changes, will be coming to my training regimen soon, but I have noticed subjective benefits from taking a day off around once every seven days. Some people suggest that no rest days should be takne, but I believe this is counter-prodcutive. Soon, I will have the data to either prove or disprove my hypothesis. Apart from that, there is little to report save the fact that sleep has been substandard. I will push my bedtime from 11pm to 10:30pm and will observe the benefits.

January 28th, 2026

QnB: Very positive progress in Quad. Moved from 4.66 to 4.84 as my final score of the day, though, at maximum, I reach 4.86 before dropping slightly. Pleased. Looks like Q5B will easily be achieved tomorrow. This experience, however, led me to formally diagnosing the d' issue that has been at the back of my mind for days - the ease factor. Currently, the way the architecture is set up, a user can, essentially, make gains in QuadNBack by playing Tri, Dual, or even Mono. All it takes is a high-score in a single category, and the d' progression system still counts toward progress. For instance, in one partiuclarly aberrant round I managed to get 100% on my poisition input, and 0% on sound, color, and shape (this seems to be downstream from me removing immediate feedback - it is highly likely that, in a no-feedback high-stimulus scenario like QnB, a lack of feedback makes N+-1 interference far easier to fall prey to. This requires practice to overcome, but the difficulties it is imposing makes me belivee that it is a useful tool in consolidating QnB gains, especially in a mode as difficult as variable). In short, pleased with progress, unsatisfied with the system. Currently working on my own version to appeal to my idiosyncratic tastes. I've been formulating a new progession system in my mind for several days now, and my final observation (the need for minimum % in all categories before a user progresses) supports my prior grievances.

DnB: Progress here was, frankly, abysmal. Moved from 5.63 back to 5.58, essentially negating 3 days of progress. This is strange because, logically, DnB should be quote easy for me, given that I have reached this level in the past with far stricter non-d'-pime settings and, in one or two instances, surpassed it. Perhaps the d' system is acting on me psychologically, wearing down my need to achieve excellent scores on a subconscious level since the mind knows that even a mediocre score can translate to progress in this mode. If this is the case, I have found something very concerning about the system that needs to be removed. Trying the d'-prime system, for all its faults (and innovations) has given me significant food for thought. Other factors contributing to my poor DnB performance include a lack of rest due to a busy schedule and a late-start time for the same reason. Obviously, this leads to fatigue and, as much as I try, I feel my mind wandering, half-asleep already. I am not doing myself any service with such a lax method, and so will revert to training in the morning, this late-night system, although theoretically promising, being, essentially a massive handicap to increase of my intelligence. Moreover, such a program reduces sleep, which is of the utmost importance. Noted.

Overall: This day's progress was below my goals, but the introspection that failure fostered helped me make significant strides in understanding the psychology and mechanics of scoring, which has further polished my vision of how incentives can be altered to force the brain into compliance with training (the brain tries to be lazy, always - never permit it to follow its desires).

January 29th, 2026

Not much to comment on. Working on the new algorithm for adaptive difficulty. Should be complete soon, at least as an MVP. Also adding some more digital sensors to my N-back experience.

QnB: I reached 5.00. Very pleased with this. The starting point, of course, was 4.84. Even though I dropped to 4.76 in the early part of the session, I managed to climb back up.

DnB: Basically stagnant. Lost 0.04 points (5.58 -> 5.54). This is 100% an energy problem. I've moved my bed-time for today by 30 minutes. This will may take a few days to smoothen out. General cognitive burnout may be a cause of this. 

January 30th, 2026

QnB: 5.00 -> 5.02

DnB: 5.54 -> 5.50

Adjusting sleep times. Building architecture for a new difficulty/progression system for hard- rather than pseudo-gains.

January 31st, 2026

QnB and DnB temporarily paused.  I have decided that, so long as I am using a deficient data-gathering and levelling system, the effort that I am putting in does not equate what I am getting out of the exercise. Because of this. I spent much of the day working on the new infrastructure, which I'm extremely excited for. I've given myself 3 days, today included, to bring my data-engine to the point where each day will be worth far more than it was before. I cannot bring myself to practice amidst inefficiency. On a positive note, sleep is improving (qualitative aassessment).

February 1st, 2026,

	No DnB/Quad today. I've been working on the data-analysis engine for most of the day and I also forgot to do IMS/eat, but I got to dinner just before closing time. I've made progress on the deadline, but a lot more work needs to go down for me to reach tomorrow's deadline. I may have to ruin my sleep schedule today. This is bad from a training perspective, but, frankly, I'm too bothered by the fact that no one, in the past 17 years, ffs, has built a proper data-analysis engine for N-back with an optimized levelling system to boot. Whatever data people have been gathering to this point is amateur compared to what the end-point will be. I've seen some of the Google Sheets they keep it on. Unfortunately, I'll have to postpone causality analysis. It will probably need to wait until next weekend, but I'm extremely excited for what could be done with that + some other integrations I'm thinking of. Will mainly keep this under wraps for now, though I doubt anyone is actually reading this, bar data-scrapers. They are definitely parsing over this text, or will be, in the very near future. All this was to say that business is moving forward, but I just wish it were moving faster. I don't think I'm getting sleep tonight.

February 2nd, 2026

	Much work has been done. A lot of work. I'm happy with where things are at. I'll be training with my own engine and protocol come tomorrow. Once I find the time, I'll create a description of what I'm doing, but I'm exhausted, currently. I've been working for nearly 8 hours without pause.

February 3rd, 2025

	Quad: Trained Quad. My settings were absurdly difficult. I started at 3.00 and dropped to 2.79. I am making the protocol more lenient, but I am very pleased with how everything has turned out. Right now, most change needs to take place in the data-analysis portion, but this will take time. A/B-testing, solidifying scientific support for all variables, expanding pipelines, etc. I was unable to train DnB because I broke something integral to the server when making one of my inter-round modifications - an unfortunate turn of events. I have a full day to work on the software tomorrow, so it'll only get better from here.
